The tip editor (Tip Isn't Pico) by Chris Allegretta
---------------------------------------------------

MANIFESTO
---------

The tip project was started because of three main problems with the
wonderfully easy-to-use and friendly Pico text editor:

- It's license is not the GNU GPL, and hence many distributions, including
  debian (my favorite) don't always include it/don't include binaries.

- It has no ability to go to a line from within the editor.  There is the
  +number command line option, but who wants to exit a file to go to a
  specific line number?  When I want to go to a line, since I have to exit
  anyway, I just call up vi temporarily.

- No search and replace feature.  Ugh.

Tip aims to solve these problems by emulating the functionality of Pico as
closely as possible while providing extra functionality.

HOW TO COMPILE AND INSTALL TIP
------------------------------

download the tip source code, then 

tar zxvf tip-x.y.z.tar.gz
cd tip-x.y.z
./configure
make
make install

It's that simple.  Use --prefix to override the default installation
directory of /usr/local.

WEB PAGE
--------
http://faculty.plattsburgh.edu/astyanax/tip

CURRENT STATUS
--------------

Tip currently is below version 1.0, meaning it is not a completely
functional editor.  I have purposefully put off features like being able
to write files to disk until later so that all the other bugs can be
worked out first and there's no chance of corrupting data.  I am currently
looking for patches for all things listed in the TODO file.  If you have a
comment or suggestion for TIP, please let me know.
   Note that the primary aim of tip is to emulate Pico *while adding a few
key missing features*. I do NOT want to simply write a GPL'ed Pico clone,
nor do I want to write something that strays too far from the Pico design
(simple and straightforward).  If you don't like this, feel free to fork
my code at any time, but please call your editor something else, believe
it or not I struggled awhile before coming up with the name tip, and it
would be much easier for everyone if there weren't five versions of the
same program.  As you can guess, I'm not much of an emacs fan ;)

-- Chris A
